I'M GOING TO CALL
THIS MEETING TO ORDER SO
WELCOME EVERYONE TO TODAY'S
MEETING FOR THE ENTIRE
COMMISSION ON DISABILITY
ISSUES.
WE ARE GOING TO BE DOING A ROLL
CALL AT THIS TIME SO IF YOU ARE
HERE PLEASE ON MUTE AND STATES
WHERE YOU ARE COMING FROM
TODAY.
BUT I WOULD LIKE TO JUST POINT
OUT THAT THROUGHOUT THE MEETING
TODAY IF YOU ARE NOT SPEAKING,
PLEASE DO YOUR BEST TO MUTE SO
THAT EVERYONE CAN HAVE AN
OPPORTUNITY TO BE HEARD
EFFECTIVE AT THIS TIME WE ARE
GOING TO DO A ROLL CALL AND
DENISE WILL GO AROUND TO CALL
UPON YOU WHEN SHE DOES PLEASE
ON MUTE STATE WHOM YOU ARE YOUR
POSITION AND WHERE YOU ARE
COMING FROM TODAY.
>> OK, THANK YOU.
THIS MEETING WILL BE BROADCAST
LIVE ON CTM CABLE 16 AT&T
CHANNEL NINETY NINE ONLINE TO
GUBJRG SLASH WATCH AND TO
SPEAK AT PUBLIC COMMENT CALL
TOLL FREE EIGHT SEVEN SEVEN
EIGHT FIVE THREE FIVE TO FOUR
SEVEN OR EIGHT EIGHT EIGHT
SEVEN EIGHT EIGHT ZERO ZERO
NINE NINE INTERMEETING IDEE
NINE ONE NINE EIGHT SIX SEVEN
THREE ONE FOUR FIVE FIVE.
THANK YOU.
OK COMMISSIONER BUDDEN APSA
COUNCIL MEMBER GEISA EDWYN
PRESENT FROM ANN ARBOR MICHIGAN
HERE BEYMAN YES HI.
GOOD AFTERNOON EVERYONE.
I'LL TURN MY CAMERA ON FOR THE
INTRODUCTION.
GOOD TO SEE EVERYBODY IS IN
FACT DAYMAN CHAIRMAN COMING TO
YOU FROM WASHTENAW COUNTY ANN
ARBOR MICHIGAN.
>> THANK YOU COMMISSIO
RADCLYFFE I PRESENT COMING TO
YOU FROM ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN
AND I MAY TURN OFF MY CAMERA
EVERY NOW AND THEN IT'S ALLERGY
SEASON AND MY CAR WAS
COVERED IN POLLEN TODAY.
THAT'S THE COMMISSIONER AND THE
COMMISSIONER.
I'LL START HERE.
>> COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE, GOOD
AFTERNOON.
>> PRESENT FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN.
COMMISSIONER MOZELIAK.
GOOD AFTERNOON, EVERYONE.
I'M CALLING I'M COMMISSIONER
MOSAAD KATHLEEN MOSAICA.
>> I'M CALLING IN FROM ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
VICE CHAIR KEILLER VICE CHAIR
TAYLOR CALLING IN FROM ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
>> WE HAVE A ON OK, THANK YOU
SO MUCH, DENIECE.
AND AGAIN THANK YOU EVERYONE
FOR BEING HERE THIS AFTERNOON.
DO APPRECIATE IT AT THIS TIME I
JUST WANT TO BEFORE WE DO OUR
APPROVAL OF THE AGENDA IN THE
MINUTES, I JUST WANT TO OPEN IT
UP FOR PUBLIC COMMENT.
DO WE HAVE ANYONE ON FOR PUBLIC
COMMENT AT THIS TIME?
>> HOLD ON.
I'M CHECKING COMMISSIONER
PASTEURIZE HERE.
>> OK, CHECK
I DON'T SEE ANYONE
HERE AT THE PRESENT TIME FOR
PUBLIC COMMENT.
THANK YOU FOR THE GOOD OF THE
RECORD.
DO YOU MIND JUST ON MEETING AND
STATING YOUR NAME AND WHERE
YOU'RE COMING FROM TODAY?
>> PLEASE
WE CAN'T HEAR YOU
NEVER MICHIGAN.
>> THANK YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
ALL RIGHT.
>> SO WITH NO PUBLIC COMMENT
THAT MOVES US TO THE APPROVAL
OF THE AGENDA TODAY, ALL OF YOU
SHOULD HAVE RECEIVED A COPY
OF THE AGENDA ELECTRONICALLY I
OF TODAY'S MEETING.
HOWEVER, IF YOU DO NOT PLEASE
LET ME KNOW AND EITHER I OR
DENISE CAN PUT IT IN THE CHART
FOR YOU AT THIS POINT I JUST
LIKE TO OPEN IT UP.
ARE THERE ANY CORRECTIONS TO
TODAY'S AGENDA OR IS THERE A
MOTION TO APPROVE TODAY'S
AGENDA ITEM, MAKE A MOTION TO
APPROVE AND ALSO JUST FOR
INFORMATION I DON'T HAVE CHAT
AVAILABLE ON MY SCREEN.
>> OH SURE.
THIS IS A WEBINAR SO YOU MIGHT
NOT HAVE I DON'T THAT IS AS
OPPOSED TO A MEETING.
>> OK, WELL PARDON ME THANK YOU
FOR MAKING IT MAKING THAT.
THANK YOU.
OK, SO KATHLEEN YOU MAKE A
MOTION TO PROVE TODAY'S AGENDA.
IS THERE A SECOND CIRCUIT?
OK LARRY.
THANK YOU LARRY.
I'M ALL IN FAVOR OF APPROVING
TODAY'S AGENDA PLEASE ON MUTE
AND SAY I AY AY AY AY AY OK,
THANK YOU.
TODAY'S AGENDA HAS BEEN
APPROVED MOVING DOWN TO
OVERLOAD COMMISSIONER SOLOMON
HE'S ABSENT TODAY.
>> HE LET US KNOW EARLIER
TODAY.
OH, THANK YOU, DENISE.
YES, I DID SEE THE EMAIL FROM
MR. SOLOMON SO I APPRECIATE
THAT.
OK, MOVING DOWN TO THE APPROVAL
OF THE MEETING MINUTES FROM
APRIL AGAIN THAT WAS IN OUR
ELECTRONIC AGENDA.
IF ANYBODY HAS ANY COMMENTS ON
THE MEETING MINUTES AT THIS
TIME, PLEASE COME FORWARD.
IF NOT, IS THERE A MOTION TO
APPROVE THE MEETING MINUTES
FROM APRIL?
>> I MOVE TO APPROVE THE
MINUTES.
>> OK, LARRY MOVES TO APPROVE
IS THERE A SECOND OR SECOND OK
ROSNY SECOND ALL IN FAVOR
OF APPROVING THE MEETING
MINUTES FROM APRIL THREE PLEASE
ON MUTE AND SAY HI.
>> I I I I WONDERFUL THOSE
MEETING MINUTES ARE APPROVED.
I DO APPRECIATE ALL YOUR
PARTICIPATION IN THAT.
I'M MOVING DOWN THE AGENDA HERE
WE NOW HAVE A COUNCIL UPDATE
FROM COUNCIL MEMBER GHAZI
EDWYN.
>> SO WELCOME COUNCIL MEMBER.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH EVERYONE FOR
LETTING ME GO.
FIRST I HAVE SOME QUICK UPDATES
IN REGARDS TO YOU KNOW,
PERTAINING TO DISABILITY ISSUES
WE'VE BEEN IN THE MIDST OF WE
JUST GOT DONE WITH THE BUDGET
SEASON.
SO OVER THE LAST TWO WEEKS WE
WERE JUST RUSHING TO GET AN
AMENDMENT.
AS SOON AS YOU ALL KNOW WE HAVE
BUDGETED FOR THE ACCESSIBILITY
COORDINATOR THAT WAS ALREADY IN
THE BUDGET WHICH IS GREAT,
WHICH WE HOPE TO HAVE POSTED
OVER THE NEXT FEW MONTHS.
I MADE A BUDGET AMENDMENT
SPECIFIC TO MOVING THE
BICENTENNIAL PARK WHICH IS A
PARK THE CITY WANTED TO
BASICALLY ADD AMENITIES TO AND
REBRAND THE BICENTENNIAL PARK
FOR A CELEBRATION NEXT YEAR TO
THE SOUTHEAST ANN ARBOR VARIETY
OF REASONS SPECIFICALLY BECAUSE
IT'S MORE RACIALLY, ETHNICALLY
AND SOCIOECONOMICALLY DIVERSE.
WE HAVE EIGHT OF THE TWELVE
TITLE ONE PUBLIC SCHOOLS ON THE
SIDE OF TOWN.
>> THERE WILL BE ACCESSIBILITY
FEATURES IN THIS PARK AND I
HOPE TO WORK CLOSELY WITH PARKS
AND REC TO MAKE SURE THAT THE
PLAYGROUND AND THAT THEY'RE
CONSULTING WITH INDIVIDUALS WHO
WHO KNOW ABOUT ACCESSIBILITY
OF THE BUILT ENVIRONMENT AND
CREATING THE THE SPACE ALEX
THERE WAS SOMETHING THAT THIS
IS MOVING ON TO ANOTHER ISSUE
THE PLACEMENT OF THE POST
OFFICE BOX WHICH I'M SORRY I
DON'T HAVE THE NOTES PULLED UP
IN FRONT OF ME BUT DO YOU WANT
TO JUMP IN ABOUT THAT AND
EXPLAIN A LITTLE BIT ABOUT WHAT
THE COMPLAINT WAS?
SURE.
THIS IS ALEX.
SO I THINK IT WAS ABOUT A WEEK
AGO NOW I HAD SEEN OUR FACEBOOK
POST AND THEN I THINK GOT AN
EMAIL FROM DENISE ABOUT A
COMPLAINT THAT WAS LODGED ABOUT
A POST OFFICE BOX THAT WAS
MOVED IN AT MAPLE ROAD POST
OFFICE.
>> I BELIEVE.
AND ESSENTIALLY WHAT HAPPENED
WAS IT USED TO BE THAT YOU
COULD DRIVE UP TO IT IN ORDER
TO PUT YOUR MAIL IN.
NOW IT'S BEEN MOVED FURTHER
BACK AWAY FROM THE STREET AND I
GUESS IN ORDER TO FOR SOME SORT
OF SAFETY PRECAUTIONS OR
SECURITY PRECAUTIONS.
BUT NOW IT'S KIND OF CLOSER TO
ALMOST BEING IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE SIDEWALK AND OBVIOUSLY A
LOT LESS CONVENIENT NOW THAT
FOLKS CAN'T DRIVE UP TO
.
SO WE HAD SEEN SOME COMPLAINTS
AND I'M HOPEFUL THAT THIS IS
NOT SOMETHING THAT WE'RE GOING
TO SEE A TREND IN AND THAT WE
CAN GET THIS ONE FIXED IN SOME
CAPACITY.
>> YEAH.
SO YOU KNOW, I HAVE JUST
LOOKING AT TO MAKE SURE I DID I
DID FOR THAT TO THE ENGINEERING
DEPARTMENT.
I HAVE A FEELING THAT BECAUSE
OF THE BUDGET SEASON PEOPLE
HAVE BEEN YOU KNOW THEIR PLATES
ARE REALLY LOADED RIGHT NOW BUT
I WILL FOLLOW BACK UP IN THE
NEXT WEEK TO FIND OUT IF BOTH
COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE AND MYSELF
CAN MEET WITH ENGINEERING AND
JUST FIGURE OUT IS THERE A WAY
THAT WE CAN BETTER PLACE THIS
MAILBOX SO IT'S MORE ACCESSIBLE
FOR ALL ALONG THE SAME LINE
THAT WOULD GREEN ROAD I THINK
YOU MIGHT BE RIGHT IT WAS GREEN
.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
THE QUESTION WAS I THINK IT WAS
GREEN ROAD AND IT WAS UP ON
GREEN NOT MAPLE.
>> OH OK.
I'LL HAVE TO DOUBLE CHECK THAT
AS WELL BUT THANKS FOR NOTING
THAT I THINK I JUST MISSPOKE IT
WAS ON GREEN ROAD.
OK, WE'LL TAKE A LOOK.
>> SO THE OTHER ISSUE THAT I
DID SEND OUT TO THE ROADS AND
ENGINEERING WAS ABOUT THE GAP
AND SIDEWALK ON SCIORRA ROAD.
COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE, WAS THAT
FROM YOU OR WAS THAT FROM CHAIR
DAMON?
>> YOU KNOW, THAT'S A GREAT
QUESTION.
I THINK THAT ACTUALLY ALSO CAME
FROM COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE AS
WELL.
I DID SEE THAT BUT I WASN'T
SURE THAT HAD GOTTEN PUT ON
PARKS IN THE PARK.
CERTAINLY THE THE ROAD
COMMISSION'S DESK OR WHO WAS TO
HANDLE THAT AT THIS TIME?
I'LL BE HONEST I'M NOT
RECALLING THAT ONE AT THE
MOMENT.
SO I WOULD HAVE TO LOOK BACK AT
MY NOTES TO SEE IF THAT WAS
SOMETHING I WAS CONNECTED TO.
IT'S NOT RINGING ANY BELLS OFF
TOP OF MY HEAD THOUGH, OK?
>> IT WAS ABOUT A SIDEWALK GAP
AT A PARK IBLE FORWARDED THAT
TO THE CITY AND I'M WAITING ON
A RESPONSE AND THEN THE THIRD
THING THAT I'M WAITING ON A
RESPONSE FOR IS THIS PARKING
ISSUE AT CARDOSO'S ASIANS AND
ENSURING THAT CONDO
ASSOCIATIONS DON'T ESSENTIALLY
BID OUT THERE ACCESSIBLE
PARKING SPACES TO PEOPLE WHO
DON'T HAVE DISABILITIES.
AGAIN, BOTH COMMISSIONER
GOSSAGE AND I ARE HOPING TO
HAVE A MEETING WITH SOMEONE
OF THE CITY OVER THE NEXT FEW
WEEKS.
I'M GOING TO CHECK IN ABOUT
THAT AND SEE IF WE CAN EXPLORE
THAT ISSUE AGAIN.
THANK YOU.
COUNCIL MEMBER.
>> I DO APPRECIATE IT.
THANK YOU.
DOES ANYONE HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
FOR ME?
>> I HAVE A QUESTION I DON'T
KNOW FOR YOU OR FOR LAURA IF
SHE COMES ON LATER BUT DO YOU
KNOW THE C CLICK FIX APP?
HOW ARE THAT GOES LIKE DOES IT
GO TOWARDS LIKE GLYNCO HILLS
APARTMENTS OR DOES OR WHERE IT
CUTS OFF IT SHOULD
COVER ANYTHING WITHIN THE CITY
LIMITS IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE
ASKING THAT CAN YOU COME HERE
LOOKED AT THERE WERE THE THE
BIKES ARE STARTING TO GET
PARKED THE SIDEWALKS KIND
OF OVER NEAR AROUND GLYNCO
HILLS AND A LITTLE BIT BEYOND
THAT AND I JUST DIDN'T AND I
REMEMBER LAURA SAID LIKE IF WE
SAW SOMETHING LIKE THAT TO PUT
IT IN THE APP WITH THE ADA TAG
BUT I DIDN'T KNOW HOW FAR LIKE
WHERE THE BOUNDARIES WOULD BE
FOR THAT BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW
GLYNCO CONSIDER ANN ARBOR OR
PITTSFIELD TOWNSHIP I BELIEVE
GLYNCO HILLS IS ANN ARBOR.
OK, I HAVE TO LOOK AT A MAP I I
BELIEVE IT IS AS WELL.
I ACTUALLY LIVED THERE FOR FOR
QUITE SOME TIME SO IT'S ON THE
BORDER AND IT'S ON THE BORDER
BUT IT'S YEAH IT'S IT'S WITHIN
ANN ARBOR I BELIEVE.
OK SO THE THE BORDERS GET ME
STILL AND I DROVE UP HERE.
I KNOW I KNOW I DID TOO.
I MEAN I THINK ANYTHING THAT'S
AFFECTING ACCESSIBILITY WITHIN
OUR CITY EVEN LET'S SAY IF IT'S
LIKE ACROSS THE STREET IN A
TOWNSHIP BUT IF IT HAS TO DO
WITH YOU KNOW, EBIX OR
SOMETHING ANYTHING THAT WOULD
AFFECT ACCESSIBILITY OF OUR
RESIDENTS, YOU SHOULD FILE A
COMPLAINT AND THE FIX IT UP OK
,I JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE
WAS IN THE BOUNDARIES THINGS.
>> YEAH, YEAH YEAH ABSOLUTELY.
AND IF YOU DO FIND THAT FOR
WHATEVER REASON YOU KNOW YOU
GET PUSHED BACK OR SOMETHING
YOU LET US KNOW OK THANKS.
ALL RIGHT.
ANYTHING ELSE FOR COUNCIL
MEMBER AT THIS TIME.
>> ALL RIGHT.
DO YOU DO YOU WANT TO DO MINE?
I COUNCIL MEMBER BEFORE WE
LEAVE DO YOU WANT TO TOUCH ON
YOUR SUNDAY EVENT REALLY QUICK?
>> OH YEAH.
THANKS FOR REMINDING ME.
YOU KNOW AT THE UP AT THE
RECENT BUDGET MEETING WE TALKED
ABOUT A LOT OF DIFFERENT EQUITY
ISSUES AND WE PROPOSE BUDGET
AMENDMENTS THAT WERE REALLY
EQUITY CENTERED AND I'M PROUD
OF THAT.
FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO DON'T
KNOW, WE HAD ABOUT ONE POINT
FOUR MILLION DOLLARS THAT WAS
GENERATED FROM THE MARIJUANA
EXCISE TAX.
SO FROM US SELLING MARIJUANA IN
THE CITY AND THE CITY
ADMINISTRATOR TOLD THE COUNCIL
MEMBERS THINK ABOUT WHAT YOU
WANT TO SPEND TIME.
SO WE PUT MONEY TOWARDS
EVICTION PREVENTION.
I'M SORRY, THAT'S MY SON AND WE
ALSO PUT MONEY TOWARDS TRAUMA
INFORMED WRAPAROUND SERVICES
SPECIFICALLY WHILE PRIORITIZING
PEOPLE WHO ARE IMPACTED BY THE
CRIMINAL LEGAL SYSTEM.
I DON'T LIKE TO CALL THE
CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM BECAUSE
IT'S NOT ALWAYS JUST BUT SO
MAKING SURE I THINK ESPECIALLY
THE MONEY GENERATED FOR
MARIJUANA I MEAN WE KNOW WHAT
THE WAR ON DRUGS DID TO THE
BLACK COMMUNITY.
IT NEEDS TO BE INVESTED BACK
INTO THE COMMUNITY.
SO THERE'S A BUNCH
OF WRAPAROUND SERVICES THAT
HAVE BEEN PROPOSED MONEY WENT
TO YOUTH PROGRAM.
I'M SAYING ALL THIS TO SAY THAT
BOTH MYSELF COUNCIL MEMBER
JINSONG COUNCIL MEMBER CHRIS
WATSON AND COUNCIL MEMBER
CYNTHIA HARRISON DECIDE WE
SHOULD PROBABLY HOLD A JOINT
COFFEE HOUR TO TALK ABOUT
EQUITY ISSUES RIGHT AFTER THE
BUDGET SEASON BECAUSE PEOPLE
ARE GOING TO HAVE QUESTIONS AND
ALSO PEOPLE MIGHT HAVE
QUESTIONS ABOUT EQUITY OUTSIDE
OF THE BUDGET AND THIS IS NOT
TO SAY THAT ANYONE ELSE ON
COUNCIL IS NOT INVESTED IN
EQUITY.
IT'S JUST WE WERE ALL WORKING
ON THESE VARIOUS ISSUES AT THE
SAME TIME.
SO IT'S HAPPENING SUNDAY AT
WHEELER PARK FROM ONE TO THREE
PM ANYONE CAN COME IF YOU HAVE
QUESTIONS ABOUT THE RECENT
BUDGET PROCESS AND GENERALLY
ABOUT EQUITY, WHAT THE CITY IS
DOING, WHAT WE HAVE AND WE
WELCOME ANYONE AND EVERYONE TO
ATTEND FUNDED X THANK YOU
COUNCIL MEMBER FOR THAT.
>> I DO APPRECIATE IT.
KATHLEEN, YOU HAVE YOUR HAND
UP.
I WAS JUST WONDERING IF FOR THE
PUBLIC ANYBODY WHO'S WATCHING
WHERE IS THE LOCATION
OF WHEELER WHEELER PARK IS ON
LET ME LOOK IT UP IT'S RIGHT
ACROSS THE STREET FROM THE
TRAIN STATION AND I'M ON THAT
AND GANDY DANCER I'M FORGETTING
THE NAME OF THAT ROAD.
LET ME LOOK IT UP BY ANYONE
ELSE.
>> KNOW THAT PLEASE JUMP IN MY
CHAIR.
WE'LL HAVE TO STAND UP.
I'M A RATHER VICE CHAIRMAN.
>> GO AHEAD.
MY QUESTION IS I NOTICED YOU
SAID WRAPAROUND SERVICES AND
DOES THAT INCLUDE DOES THAT
INCLUDE MONEY FOR CMH TO USE
AND FOR DHS TO USE AND THAT
SORT OF THING OR IS THAT IDEA
I'M NOT THE WRAP AROUND
COMMUNITY TEAM.
IN FACT THAT'S MY FIRST MEETING
ON WEDNESDAY ON THESE ONE.
>> I'M JUST CURIOUS IF IF THAT
HAS ANYTHING TO DO WITH WRAP
AROUND IN OUR WRAP AROUND
COMMUNITY TEAM IS THIS COUNTY
UP THROUGH THE COUNTY THE
COUNTY HAS THEIR SEPARATE POT
OF MONEY BUT I DON'T WANT TO
SPEAK TO SPECIFICS YET.
>> THIS IS SOMETHING THAT WE
ARE GOING TO START MEETING
ABOUT THE THE INDIVIDUALS
INVOLVED.
THE MONEY IS GOING TO BE
DISTRIBUTED.
IT'S GOING TO THE ENTIRE
HOUSING COMMISSION REAL
SUBSTANCE AND DISTRIBUTING THE
MONEY.
BUT I DON'T WANT TO SPEAK TOO
MUCH TO SPECIFICS YET BECAUSE I
DON'T KNOW THEM.
>> LET ME KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON.
I'M KIND OF CURIOUS WITH THAT.
PLEASE.
YEAH.
THERE'S AS WE CONTINUE WORKING
ON IT, IT'S JUST PAST FEW DAYS
AGO I'LL PROVIDE UPDATES AT
THIS MEETING AS WELL.
>> THANK YOU COUNCIL MEMBER.
THANK YOU.
IT WAS A GOOD QUESTION.
YEAH.
ANYBODY ANYBODY ELSE I HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS.
>> I JUST WANTED TO ANSWER YOUR
QUESTION.
I BELIEVE THAT'S DEPOS YEP IT
IS DPO STREET I THINK IT'S TWO
PEOPLE STREET YEAH THAT YEAH
THAT RINGS A BELL.
>> THANK YOU.
>> ALL RIGHT.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR COUNCIL
MEMBER AT THIS TIME?
ALL RIGHTY.
WELL YEAH.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR ALL
OF YOUR WORK AND FOR ALL
OF YOUR EFFORTS.
>> THANK YOU.
YOU KNOW, WE'RE VERY GRATEFUL.
>> WELL, I'M GOING TO LOG OFF
AND HEAD OUT TO THE DOCTOR AND
I'LL TOUCH BASE CHAIR AND AND
OTHERS.
BUT PLEASE FEEL FREE TO EMAIL
ME IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
ABOUT ANYTHING I JUST SHARED
ANYTHING AT ALL.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU ALREADY.
WELL, MOVING ON, UNFORTUNATELY
KATY COULD NOT BE WITH US THIS
WEEK.
SHE'S OUT OF TOWN SO WE WILL
NOT HAVE A REPORT FROM THE
WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND
AND PHYSICALLY DISABLED.
SO WE'RE ACTUALLY GOING TO MOVE
DOWN TO DISABILITY NETWORK
WASHTENAW, MONROE, LIVINGSTON
AND I BELIEVE WE HAVE MISS
HENRY ON TO REPORT WITH US.
SO WELCOME.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
YES, JOYCE HAS SAID THEY
RETIRED AND
LEFT SOME VERY BIG
SHOES TO FILL SO I'M GOING TO
DO MY BEST TO TRY TO DO THAT.
I APPRECIATE YOUR PATIENCE AND
GRACE AS WE MAKE THAT
TRANSITION.
I JUST WANT TO GIVE A FEW QUICK
UPDATES ON SOME UPCOMING EVENTS
THAT WE HAVE GOING ON AT
TESTABILITY NETWORK WASHTENAW
DMYTRO LEVINGSTON WANT TO START
WITH A COUPLE OF YOUTH BASED
SUMMER CAMPS FOR WHICH WRITERS
REGISTRATION IS NOW OPEN.
IT'S FOR YOUTH AGES SIXTEEN TO
TWENTY SIX.
THERE ARE TWO DIFFERENT CAMPS.
THERE'S A SPORTS CAMP JUNE 19TH
THROUGH TWENTY SECOND FROM
EIGHT A.M. TO THREE P.M.
LOCATED AT OUR NARBOROUGH
OFFICE AND RESEARCH PARK DRIVE
.
THE COST IS FIFTY DOLLARS PER
ATTENDEE AND THAT'S THAT CAMP
IS GOING TO BE FOLLOWED SHORTLY
BY AN ART BASED CAMP JULY
THIRTY FIRST THROUGH AUGUST 3RD
ALSO AT OUR IN OUR RELOCATION
DURING THE DAY FROM EIGHT A.M.
TO THREE P.M. AND THAT CAMP AS
WELL WILL BE FIFTY DOLLARS PER
ATTENDEE.
ADDITIONALLY WE HAVE SOME
COOKING CLASSES THAT ARE GOING
TO GET STARTED LATER THIS
SUMMER FOR ALL AGES AND
ABILITIES.
THE COST FOR THAT IS FIVE
DOLLARS A SESSION TO HELP
COVER THE COST OF THE FOOD AND
EQUIPMENT THOSE DATES RUN
STARTING JULY IN JULY THE
THIRTEENTH THE TWENTY AND THE
TWENTY SEVEN IN AUGUST IT WILL
BE THE THIRD, THE TENTH, THE
SEVENTEENTH AND THE TWENTY
FOURTH AND A FEW DATES IN
SEPTEMBER ON THE SEVENTH THE
FOURTEENTH AND THE TWENTY FIRST
ADDITIONALLY AT OUR AND OUR
OFFICE HAPPENING NOW THROUGH
JUNE TWENTY FIRST WE HAVE A
SOLO ART EXHIBIT LOCATED IN OUR
GALLERY SPACE IN THE BUILDING
THERE IS ALSO A VIRTUAL OPTION
TO WATCH THAT IF YOU GO TO OUR
WEBSITE DENHA W MELLBERG BUT
YOU CAN ALSO STEP INTO OUR
BUILDING DURING OUR OPENING
HOURS FROM EIGHT THIRTY TO FOUR
THIRTY MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY TO
TAKE A LOOK AT THAT EXHIBIT.
>> AND FINALLY COMING UP IN
LATE JULY IN CELEBRATION OF THE
THIRTY THIRD ANNIVERSARY OF THE
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT
,WE ARE HOSTING A SON IN THE
SUN EIGHTY EIGHT PICNIC AGAIN
IN OUR IN OUR LOCATION THAT IS
SCHEDULED FOR WEDNESDAY, JULY
TWENTY SIX FROM THREE TO SEVEN
P.M. STAY TUNED FOR A LOT MORE
DETAILS BUT PLEASE SAVE THE
DATE AND LOOK FORWARD TO THINGS
LIKE A DISABILITY PRIDE THEMED
ART EXHIBIT.
SOME GUEST SPEAKERS, VENDORS,
RAFFLE PRIZES, FOOD AND DRINKS
INCLUSIVE GAMES AND SPORTS AND
A TOUR OF OUR BUILDING.
AND WITH THAT THAT IS I
CURRENTLY HAVE TO SHARE UNLESS
ANYBODY HAS ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT
ANY OF THOSE EVENTS.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, ANDREA AND
YES EVERYONE JILLI.
TWENTY SIX MARK YOUR CALENDARS.
I HOPE THAT THE COMMISSION ON
DISABILITY ISSUES CAN HAVE A
STRONG STRONG PRESENCE AT THAT
ADA CELEBRATION.
I WAS THERE LAST YEAR WAS A LOT
OF FUN AND HOPE ALL OF US CAN
ATTEND A LOT OF GREAT THINGS
GOING ON OVER THERE.
ABSOLUTELY.
ANYBODY HAVE ANY QUESTIONS OR
MISS HENRY AT THIS TIME
ALREADY?
>> WELL, AS ALWAYS I AM FILLED
WITH GRATITUDE FOR ALL OF THE
WORK DISABILITY NETWORK
WASHTENAW MUNRO AND LIVINGSTON
IS DOING AS WELL AS ALL THE
OTHER CONNECTED ENTITIES THAT
YOU GUYS HAVE GREAT WORK ACROSS
THE STATE.
SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH AND
YEAH, WE LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING
YOU SOON.
THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING FORWARD WE HAVE THE
PARTNERS AND ACCESS COMMITTEE
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT AS WELL AS
COMMUNITY RECRUITING ACTIVITY
UPDATES SO THERE'S THERE'S A
FEW THERE'S THERE LET'S START
WITH PARTNERS AND ACCESS IF WE
CAN AND GO TO COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT AND THEN END WITH
RECRUITING.
>> SO PARTNERS AND ACCESS.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
GET EVERYBODY THIS IS ALEX, THE
COUNCIL MEMBER COVERED MOST
OF THE UPDATE THAT I COULD
PROVIDE THE OTHER TWO THINGS
THAT WE TALKED ABOUT IN OUR IN
OUR MOST RECENT MEETING WE'RE
JUST CONFIRMING WITH LARRY THAT
WE DO HAVE ENOUGH FOLKS
STAFFING OUR TABLE AT THE
UPCOMING DIVISIONS CONFERENCE
AND THE OTHER PIECE THAT WE
DISCUSSED WAS RELATED TO THE
PUBLIC RESTROOMS THAT THE CITY
IS LOOKING TO IMPLEMENT HERE
HOPEFULLY IN THE NOT TOO
DISTANT FUTURE.
I KNOW THERE'S A MEETING ABOUT
IT ON MONDAY, I BELIEVE.
AND SO THERE ARE SOME FOLKS I
THINK FROM THE COMMISSION AND
OR SOME OTHER ORGANIZATIONS IN
THE COMMUNITY THAT'LL BE ABLE
TO PROVIDE SOME INPUT AND
ENSURE THAT THESE THINGS ARE
WELL PLACED, ACCESSIBLE AND
OPEN AND AVAILABLE FOR
EVERYBODY.
SO FAIRLY SHORT MEETING THIS
MONTH.
AWESOME.
WELL, GREAT WORK ALEX THAT ALL
OF YOU ARE DOING AND THE PEER
PARTNERS AND ACCESS COMMITTEE
AND AND THANK YOU FOR THAT.
ABSOLUTELY.
DENISE, DO YOU KNOW DO WE HAVE
A COMMISSIONER HOCKEYTOWN TALK
ABOUT COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT?
OK, GREAT.
RACHAEL RAY WITH COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT AND IN OUR VERY
INCLUSIVE PURRFECT.
THANK YOU.
SO ARBOR INCLUSIVE HAS A NEW
UPCOMING EPISODE FOCUSED ON
MICHIGAN INSTITUTE FOR
NEUROLOGICAL DISORDERS MIND.
SO THEY'RE ONE OF OUR LEADING
PROVIDERS OF COMPREHENSIVE
NEUROLOGICAL CARE TREATING A
WHOLE RANGE OF DISORDERS OF THE
BRAIN SPINAL NERVOUS SYSTEM SO
THAT THAT WILL BE COMING UP
SOON.
>> I DON'T HAVE A TIME ON THAT
ONE.
SEE, I DON'T IT DOESN'T LOOK
LIKE I HAVE A TIME OR DATE ON
THAT ONE BUT IT WILL BE IT WILL
BE FEATURED ON THEIR YOUTUBE
CHANNEL ONCE IT'S AVAILABLE.
>> ALL RIGHT.
ALWAYS INTERESTING STUFF ON
THAT SHOW.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH, RACHEL,
FOR THAT.
TO THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR, THE
COMMUNITY TELEVISION NETWORK
LINDA EVANS TOMLIN RESPONDED
AND EVERYBODY INVOLVED WITH
THAT GREAT PRODUCTION FOR
CONTINUING TO INFORM THE CITY
ON OUR GREAT RESOURCES FOR
ACCESSIBLY AND DISABILITY
RESOURCES.
MOVING ON, WE HAVE RECRUITING
ACTIVITY.
>> MR. LARRY KEILLER.
WELL, I HAVE I HAVE A LEAD ON
THREE APPLICATIONS COMING.
I HAD ASKED DENISE TO SEND ME
SOME OF THE CONTACT INFORMATION
FOR TWO OF THEM BECAUSE FOR
SOME REASON WHEN SHE SENDS ME
THE THINGS THE EMAIL ADDRESSES
DON'T APPEAR I DID I AM
ACTIVELY RECRUITING ONE GUY
THAT I KNOW THAT I THINK IS
GOING TO BE VERY GOOD BUT I
HAVEN'T SEEN HIS APPLICATION
YET SO THAT THAT STUFF SHOULD
COME UP HOPEFULLY IN A COUPLE
OF WEEKS WE'LL GET SOME ISSUES
ABOUT AS FAR IF WE DON'T GET
HIM TO PRESENT IN JUNE.
I'D LIKE TO BE ABLE TO HAVE AT
LEAST ONE OF THEM PRESENT IN
SEPTEMBER.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THAT'S ALL THAT'S GOING ON.
WE'VE GOT SOME PEOPLE HANGING
OUT.
WE'RE JUST GOT I JUST CHASE
THEM DOWN AND SEE WHAT THEY'RE
DOING.
>> YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
WONDERFUL.
GO AHEAD, LARRY.
AND OF COURSE THE AND OF COURSE
WITH VISIONS WE'RE GOING TO
CONTINUE THE RECRUITING PROCESS
AND I WILL BE THERE IN THE
AFTERNOON DOING THAT.
ABSOLUTELY.
AND I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO
SEEING YOU, LARRY, FOR SURE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR ALL
OF YOUR EFFORTS AT THAT AND
THREE APPLICATIONS YOU GUYS.
THAT IS AMAZING.
>> SO GOOD GOOD THINGS.
GLAD TO HEAR IT.
ALL RIGHT.
ANY QUESTIONS FOR LARRY ON
RECRUITING AT THIS TIME?
>> OK, I'VE GOT TWO AND A HALF
APPLICATIONS.
>> THE OTHER APPLICATION HAS
GOT IN BUT I'VE GOT INTEREST ON
IT SO OK, THANK YOU FOR THE
CLARIFICATION.
I'M MOVING ON.
WE CAN GO TO THE COUNCIL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS MEETING
UPDATE NOW I WANTED TO LET YOU
KNOW AND AS DENISE MENTIONED
EARLIER IN THE MEETING,
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON COULD NOT
BE HERE TODAY BUT HE DID
PROVIDE A REPORT SO HE HAD SOME
NOTES FROM THE MAY 9TH MEETING
OF THE COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY
CONCERNS.
HE SAID MOST OF THE MEETING WAS
DEDICATED TO PRESENTATION ABOUT
INCLUSIVE TEACHING BY ELLEN
MEETA, THE ASSISTANT BY BEISTE
PROVOST FOR EQUITY AND
INCLUSION IN ACADEMIC AFFAIRS
AND DISCUSSION CENTERED ON
LIAISON'S FOR INCLUSIVE
TEACHING WHO ARE TASKED WITH
ADAPTING INCLUSIVE TEACHING
PRACTICES TO DO THE PATHOLOGIES
OF SPECIFIC DEPARTMENTS AND
APPOINTED BY DEANS.
THERE ARE LIAISON'S AND AT
LEAST HE SAID EIGHTEEN SCHOOLS
THROUGHOUT U OF M AND THIRTY
FOUR LIAISON'S TOTAL SPREAD
THROUGHOUT TWENTY FOUR UNITS
SPITTERS SPECIFIC AREAS
COVERED BY THE LIAISON'S WHICH
INCLUDE ASSESSMENT AND
EVALUATION ANTIRACIST PD
ALLERGY TRAUMA INFORMATION AND
ACCESSIBILITY AND THEN HE SAID
DISCUSSION FOLLOWED SO THAT HIS
REPORT AND IT'S REALLY GOOD TO
SEE THAT THE EUROPEAN COUNCIL
FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS IS
AGAIN DEDICATED TO INCLUSIVE
TEACHING AND EDUCATION.
SO I THINK THAT SOUNDS LIKE A
VERY INFORMATIVE PRESENTATION
BY MISS ELLEN MEET HER AND I
THINK IF ANYBODY HAS
ANY
QUESTIONS FOR HIM ON THAT I CAN
DEFINITELY REACH OUT TO HIM OR
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS NOW,
PLEASE LET ME KNOW AND I CAN
NOTE THOSE AND SEND THOSE HIS
WAY BACK.
EXCUSE CHAIR DAMAN WE NEED TO
HAVE OUR TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION UPDATE.
>> OH MY GOSH YES YOU'RE RIGHT
PARTNER WITH ABOUT THAT SECOND
MODEL.
>> YEAH LET ME LET ME REWIND
THERE AND WOULD YOU BE ABLE TO
GIVE OUR TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION UPDATE.
YES WE'RE HAVING OUR MEETING
OUR OTHER MEETING TONIGHT AS
THE AS OF THE NINETEENTH
OF APRIL WE THEY WERE THERE
DRAFTING THEIR BUDGET AND
THEY'VE GOT A LOT THEY'VE THEY
WANT TO PUT MONEY ESPECIALLY
INTO THEIR SETTING ASIDE FOR
THEIR SETTING ASIDE FOR SNOW
REMOVAL IN PARTICULAR AND FOR
ROAD REPAIR AND THEN THEY DID
MENTION A BUNCH OF BIKES THAT
THEY'RE GETTING ONE HUNDRED
MORE E BIKES IN AND FOUR
HUNDRED MORE SCOOTERS SCOOTERS
,SCOOTERS.
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND THESE ARE GOING TO HAVE
SWITCHABLE BATTERIES AND
THEY'RE GOING THERE THEY'RE
GOING TO LAST A LITTLE BIT
LONGER.
THEY CAN LAST UP TO ONE HUNDRED
MILES AN THEY'RE ALSO GOING TO
HAVE PHONE CHARGERS AROUND AND
YOU CAN TEXT TO UNLOCK THESE
THINGS WHICH I FOUND
INTERESTING.
>> AND OF COURSE ORANGE BOWL
SEASON IS STARTING AND I'VE E
ALSO SENT ME A WHOLE PILE
OF THESE TEMPORARY UPDATES.
SO THEY'RE DOING A LOT
OF CONSTRUCTION WORK ESPECIALLY
ON CHURCH ARE IN OUR CHURCH IN
NAPLES.
THEY'RE FIXING THE BRIDGE THAT
CROSSES OVER AND THAT'S THE ONE
THAT CROSSES OVER JACKSON ROAD
IN NINETY FOUR WHEN THEY HAD
THAT ACCIDENT A COUPLE OF LIKE
SIX WEEKS AGO AND THEY'RE DOING
A COUPLE OF CONSTRUCTION
PROJECTS ON THE ROAD AND THE
PARKWAY ST. STREET AMONG A
BUNCH OF OTHERS AND SO YEP IT'S
OPEN AND MAIN STREET IS STILL
CLOGGED UP.
I WAS JUST DOWN THERE LAST
NIGHT AND YES I KNOW THAT'S
GOING TO BE NOT DONE UNTIL
AUGUST AND TO TAKE TO TO TAKE
TO THE IF YOU LIKE I CAN
MENTION TONIGHT THE SIDEWALK
GAP IF IF COUNCILWOMAN GARZA
COULD SEND ME THE SIDEWALK AREA
AND I CAN ALSO MAYBE MENTION
ABOUT THE THE FACT THAT THEY'RE
HAVING SOME ISSUES ABOUT
PUTTING SCOOTERS ON THE
SIDEWALK DOWN TOWARD GONCALO
HEALTH MAYBE THEY MADE IT THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION WILL
BE ABLE TO ADDRESS THAT IF
THAT'S OK WITH YOU GUYS.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
I THINK THAT'S A GREAT POINT
OF INFORMATION AND YOU KNOW, I
THINK THAT'S SOME GOOD
INITIATIVE BY YOU, DENISE.
ARE WE ABLE TO EASILY ACCESS
THAT INFORMATION ON THE
SIDEWALK GAP FOR VICE CHAIRMAN
KILLER?
>> I WILL LOOK INTO IT FOR HIM
TOMORROW.
THANK YOU TOMORROW.
OH OK.
YEAH WELL I COULD ANSWER
TRANSPORTATION.
>> YOU SAID YOU THOUGHT IT WAS
OUTSIDE OF CHURCH THOUGH RIGHT
.
>> AND I KNOW THAT DOING
CONSTRUCTION WORK OUTSIDE
OF CHURCH IN MAPLE AND WHAT IS
THAT GREEN VILLA GREEN GREEN
SOMETHING DOWN THERE GREEN WOOD
OR GREEN STREET NEAR IN THAT
AREA.
>> YEAH YEAH IT'S IN THAT AREA
.
I CAN'T REMEMBER THE NAME
OF THE OTHER STREET EITHER BUT
BUT I DO KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
YOU'RE SPEAKING ABOUT AND YEAH
HOPEFULLY YOU CAN GET THAT
INFORMATION AND PRESENT THAT TO
THE TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
IF NOT TONIGHT THEN SOON YEAH
I'LL DO IT I CAN I CAN SET IT
ON TO OK GREAT THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR LARRY
IN TERMS OF THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION UPDATE?
I HAVE A QUESTION FOR YOU
LARRY.
I KNOW THAT WHEN WE HAVE THE
TRIPLE 88 I THINK HE WAS THE
PRESIDENT OF THE ADA.
HE HAD THEN SAID THAT THEY WERE
NOT GOING TO BE DOING SAME DAY
ON TRANSIT GOING FORWARD AND IS
THAT INDEFINITE DENHA HE DIDN'T
AND PROFESSOR MOSADDEQ HELP ME
OUT ON THIS BUT HE DIDN'T SAY
IT WAS DEFINITE BUT HE DID
IMPLY THAT IT WAS PROBABLY
GOING TO BE NOT ANY TIME SOON
AND THERE'S NO THERE'S NO PLAN
TO DO IT.
HE DIDN'T RULE IT OUT BUT
THERE'S NO PLAN TO TO INITIATE
IT ANY TIME SOON.
IS THAT CORRECT?
COMMISSIONER BOZAK?
>> THAT'S CORRECT.
AND HE'S THE CEO.
YES.
OK, THANK YOU.
YOU KNOW, I APPRECIATE THAT
INFORMATION.
YEAH, I FIND THAT INTERESTING.
SO THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL WE ALREADY DID THE
EUROPEAN COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY
CONCERNS UPDATE ONE THING.
>> SURE.
GO AHEAD.
WHAT I AM ABOUT THAT I ALWAYS
I'M HAVING TROUBLE WITH MY
THING.
WHAT I UNDERSTOOD IS THAT
BECAUSE IT WASN'T FAIR FOR ONE
GROUP OF PEOPLE THAT WASN'T
THERE FOR OTHER PEOPLE SO HE
WAS GOING TO THEY WERE GOING TO
PHASE IT OUT IF THEY WERE GOING
THEY WEREN'T GOING TO HAVE IT
AT ALL.
THAT'S WHAT I UNDERSTOOD.
YEAH.
WHEN HE CAME HE SAID BECAUSE
THEY HADN'T DONE IT FOR THE
PEOPLE IN THE WHEELCHAIRS THEY
COULDN'T DO IT FOR THE PEOPLE
THAT WEREN'T IN WHEELCHAIRS.
>> RIGHT.
WHAT HE HAD SAID WAS THAT A
STAFF MEMBER NOTICED THAT THERE
WEREN'T ENOUGH WHEELCHAIR
ACCESSIBLE VEHICLES AND SO I'M
PUTTING MY OWN SPIN ON IT.
>> BUT INSTEAD OF BASICALLY,
YOU KNOW, ADDING MORE
ACCESSIBLE VEHICLES TO DECIDED
TO SCRAP THE PROGRAM MAKING IN
MY OPINION ON IT MAKING YOU
KNOW, TAKING EQUITY AWAY
INSTEAD OF ADDING EQUITY, WE
KIND OF LOST SOME EQUITY IN
TERMS OF BEING ABLE TO FOR
PEOPLE WHO USE IT TO BE ABLE TO
DO THE SAME DAY TRIP, RIGHT?
>> YEAH, BECAUSE WHAT I
UNDERSTOOD WAS BECAUSE THEY
COULDN'T UM, HAVE THE VEHICLES
AVAILABLE FOR ALL THE DIFFERENT
PARTICIPANTS THEY WERE GOING TO
SCRAP BECAUSE THEY COULDN'T
JUST DO IT FOR ONE GROUP RIGHT
.
WHAT I WAS SAYING IS THAT
INSTEAD OF THEY SCRAPPED IT
INSTEAD OF LOOKING AT HOW TO
FIND MORE ADDITIONAL OR OR PAY
FOR MORE ADDITIONAL VEHICLES.
>> RIGHT.
YEAH.
AND HE ALSO MENTIONED AND IT'S
ONLY THAT YOU COULD CALL A DAY
AHEAD AND STILL GET A RIDE.
IT'S JUST YOU CAN'T DO THE SAME
DAY THING.
>> SO YOU'RE SAYING IT'S
POSSIBLE TO GET YOUR RIDE STILL
BUT NOT THE SAME DAY RIGHT
RIGHT NOW.
THANK YOU FOR THAT
CLARIFICATION EVERYONE.
I DO APPRECIATE THAT.
AND YOU KNOW, I'D LIKE TO
CONTINUE TO TO YOU KNOW, MORE
ABOUT WHAT THEY WHAT THEY ARE
GOING TO DO GOING FORWARD OR
WHY THEY'RE CHOOSING NOT TO
FORMULATE A PLAN AT LEAST FOR
THE LONG TERM AND BRINGING THAT
BACK.
I THINK JUST IN MY OPINION IT
WOULD SERVE THE COMMUNITY MORE
TO BE ABLE TO HAVE, YOU KNOW,
THE THE THE SAME DAY AS WELL AS
THE RESERVE DRIVES AND VEHICLES
FOR THOSE THAT ARE ACCESSIBLE.
BUT JUST MY OPINION THANK YOU
FOR THAT.
>> ANYTHING ELSE ON
TRANSPORTATION AT THIS TIME?
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING DOWN TO THE DIRECTOR
OF ORGANIZATIONAL EQUITY WITH
LAURA ORZO IS LAUREN AT THIS
TIME?
>> YES, I AM MARK.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON EVERYBODY.
HOW ARE YOU ALL DOING TODAY?
>> GOOD AFTERNOON.
THANK YOU FOR ASKING MY
CAMERAMAN THEY'RE FIGHTING
APPARENTLY SO MAYBE IT'LL COME
ON.
>> DID EVERYONE HAVE A CHANCE
TO LOOK OVER THE JOB
DESCRIPTION FOR THE
ACCESSIBILITY COORDINATOR
BETWEEN THE LAST MEETING AND
TODAY?
YEAH.
ANYONE HAVE ANY SIGNIFICANT
CHANGES THEY WANT TO SEE?
>> NO THANK YOU.
KAREN VIEWED IT SORRY.
GO AHEAD NOW.
YEAH I THOUGHT THE LANGUAGE AT
THIS POINT YOU KNOW, WAS
ACCURATE.
YOU KNOW, I THINK I THINK YOU
LISTED EVERYONE LISTED SOME
SOME GREAT THINGS IN THERE IN
TERMS YOU KNOW, THE EXPECTATION
WHAT THEY'RE EXPECTED TO DO AND
GOING FORWARD.
SO I THOUGHT IT WAS CLEAR I
DON'T HAVE ANY SPECIFIC YOU
KNOW, CHANGES OR EDITS AT THIS
TIME.
SO I JUST WANT TO SAY, YOU
KNOW, GREAT JOB WITH THAT.
I KNOW IT'S DIFFICULT, YOU
KNOW, KIND OF STARTING FROM
SCRATCH IN TERMS OF , YOU KNOW,
DEVELOPING THAT.
BUT I THINK YOU KNOW EVERYONE
AND YOURSELF, LORI, YOU'VE MADE
SOME YOU KNOW, GREAT PROGRESS.
SO THANK YOU.
THANK SO THAT MEANS TOMORROW I
WILL BE SENDING THAT FORWARD TO
THE LEGAL COUNSEL IN THE CITY
TO MAKE SURE I HAVEN'T DONE
ANYTHING THAT I SHOULDN'T HAVE
DONE OR SAID ANYTHING THAT I
SHOULDN'T HAVE SAID.
AND FROM THAT ONCE THEY PROVE
IT THEN I WILL START THE JOB
LAUNCH PROCESS WHICH IS WHERE I
WORK WITH RECRUITING ANSWER
SOME QUESTIONS, CREATE THE AD
ITSELF
AND WE'LL GET THE AD OUT
THERE.
MY HOPE IS BY MID JUNE I'M
THINKING OKAY, WHERE ARE WE IN
MAY AND WITH MEMORIAL DAY WE
ALSO FOR YOU ALL TO KNOW ARE
EXPERIENCING SOME DECLINE IN
OUR PERSONNEL IN H.R. YOU KNOW,
JUST COMING UP ON RETIREMENT OR
OTHER THINGS THAT HAVE TAKEN
INDIVIDUALS OUT FOR A WHILE.
SO H.R. IS RUNNING A LITTLE
BEHIND IN H.R. WILL BE THE
INDIVIDUALS RUNNING WITH THE
RECRUIT MEN AD BUT I AM THE
INDIVIDUAL WHO IS ASSISTING
THEM IN A SENSE HELPING FILL IN
THE GAP AT LEAST FOR MY REQUEST
I WOULD LIKE FOR YOU ALL TO
DECIDE WHO YOU WOULD LIKE TO
SERVE WITH ME ON THE INTERVIEW
PANEL.
SO WHAT WILL HAPPEN IS WE'LL
PUT OUT THE AD PROBABLY LEAVE
IT OPEN FOR TWO OR THREE WEEKS
AT THE MOST HOPING THAT YOU
WILL HAVE A FLOOD
OF APPLICATIONS THEN
RECRUITMENT WILL MATCH UP JOB
REQUIREMENTS COMPARED TO
PREFERRED AND GO THROUGH THE
LIST OF INDIVIDUAL ROLES AND
PRODUCE AS MANY AS MEET ALL
OF THE THINGS THAT ARE ON THE
REQUIRED LIST ONCE WE HAVE THAT
LIST, IF IT'S TOO EXPANSIVE
THEN I WORK WITH RECRUITING AND
PROBABLY WILL DO SOME PHONE
INTERVIEWS.
IT WOULD JUST BE ONE ON ONE
SOMETHING I COULD EASILY
HANDLE.
THEN WE BRING THE NUMBER DOWN.
I LIKE TO DO NO MORE THAN SIX
WHEN I START DOING FACE TO FACE
INTERVIEWS.
SIX IS AT LEAST NINE HOURS
OF THE LIFE THE PEOPLE THAT ARE
DOING THE INTERVIEWING.
SO BECAUSE YOU'VE GOT TO DO IT
AND THINK ABOUT IT AND SCORE IT
AND THEN THE DECISION WILL BE
MADE AFTER EVERYBODY ON THE
INTERVIEW PANEL.
>> GO AHEAD ZECH.
PARDON ME.
YEAH, I MEAN I WOULD I WOULD
LOVE TO BE INVOLVED, YOU KNOW,
IN THAT PARTICULAR PROCESS FOR
THOSE CANDIDATES JUST BEING
ABLE TO WORK WITH YOU, LAURA,
TO DEVELOP I THINK SOME VERY
TOPICAL BUT ALSO, YOU KNOW,
INFORMATIVE QUESTIONS THAT YOU
KNOW, WITH THEIR DESIRED
BACKGROUND SKILLS AND ABILITY
IN TERMS OF ADA COMPLIANCE, IN
TERMS OF KNOWING THE LAW THAT
THEY WOULD BE ABLE TO ANSWER
AND THAT EFFECTIVELY ALL THAT I
WILL PUT YOU ON THE LIST.
I'M NOT SURE I HAVE TO ASK IF
COUNSEL PERSON IESHA CAN ACIA
CAN BE HONEST I DON'T THINK
THAT THEY CAN BUT I'M GOING TO
ASK BECAUSE I YOU KNOW NEVER
JUST SAY OH WELL PROBABLY NOT
THE OTHER SOME GREAT NEWS TO
SHARE WITH YOU RELATED TO TO ME
ACCESSIBILITY ACCESS AND THINGS
THAT ARE HAPPENING IN THE CITY
WITH THE BUDGET AS WAS SPOKEN
ABOUT BEFORE.
>> THERE'S ALSO THE OPPORTUNITY
FOR MY OFFICE TO ALSO HAVE A
ANALYST SO SOMEBODY WHO CAN
TAKE ALL THE DATA THAT I'M
COLLECTING AND YOU KNOW, PASS
IT OUT IN WAYS THAT I NEED IT
IN WAYS THAT IT SHOULD BE SO
THAT WE CAN START SETTING
METRICS ABOUT WHAT WE WANT TO
SEE AND WHERE WE WANT TO SEE IN
THE GROWTH OF SIMPLE THINGS
LIKE THE EIGHT TO FIX IT CALLS
WHO SENDS THOSE IN WHAT
DEMOGRAPHICS HAVE WE COLLECTED
ALL OF THE THINGS THAT THE CITY
DOES AS FAR AS OUTREACH AND
ENGAGEMENT THERE HAVEN'T BEEN A
LOT OF METRICS BECAUSE THERE
HASN'T BEEN AN OFFICE LIKE MINE
BEFORE AND SO NOW THAT I'M HERE
AND GOING TO GET THIS OTHER
PERSON WE CAN START SETTING
METRICS AND SAYING OK, WE
HERE'S WHERE WE WERE AT AND YOU
KNOW, REAL HONEST HERE'S WHERE
WE'RE AT AND THEN LET'S SET ONE
YEAR, THREE YEAR, FIVE YEAR
GOALS.
SO I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO DOING
THAT WITH ALL OF YOU AS I ON
BOARD THESE NEW INDIVIDUALS
ALSO WE ARE GOING TO BE ABLE TO
DO A COMPENSATION STUDY OR THE
ENTIRE CITY EMPLOYEES AND
REALLY TALK ABOUT LOOKING AT
THE DEMOGRAPHICS AND SEEING YOU
ARE INDIVIDUALS ALL BEING PAID
FAIRLY AND EQUALLY AND
EQUITABLY AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE
ACCORDING TO THEIR DIFFERENT
IDENTITIES.
THE LAST ONE THAT WAS DONE WAS
OVER FIVE YEARS AGO AND BECAUSE
OF A LOT OF TURN AROUND IN THE
CITY AND CHANGEOVER IN
LEADERSHIP, IT WAS THAT
IMPLEMENTED AS WELL AS IT COULD
HAVE BEEN.
AND SO NOW THAT THE H.R.
DIRECTOR WHO'S TO MONTHS NEWER
THAN I ARE OLDER THAN I AM AND
MYSELF ARE HERE THAT TOP OF OUR
LIST TO GET THIS GOING.
>> SO WE'RE REALLY EXCITED.
WE'VE ALREADY BEEN ABLE TO
APPLY EQUITY TO TWENTY FOUR
INDIVIDUALS IN THE CITY, A
MAJORITY OF THEM WOMEN AND
WOMEN OF COLOR THAT YOU KNOW,
THEY JUST HAVE BEEN DOING THEIR
GREAT JOBS AND HAVEN'T HAD
SOMEBODY WHO'S STOPPED.
HEY WAIT, LET'S LOOK AT THIS
NOT JUST ACCORDING TO POSITION
BUT LET'S LOOK AT DEMOGRAPHICS
AND EDUCATION AND HOW MANY
PEOPLE SO REALLY EXCITED THAT
WE'RE MAKING.
THAT'S HUGE RIGHT?
THAT'S IN LESS THAN A YEAR THE
H.R. INDIVIDUAL MYSELF THE
DEPUTY CITY MANAGER AND ONE
OF THE LAWYERS WE ALL SERVE ON
THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE HAVE
BEEN ABLE TO MAKE THOSE CHANGES
WITHOUT A DEEP DOVE INTO ALL
THE DATA YET SO REALLY, REALLY
GREAT FOR US TO MOVE FORWARD
WITH.
>> GO AHEAD.
SAY YES I AM.
THIS IS MY LAST COMMENT.
I PROMISE.
SO I HAD FORGOTTEN THE ONE
QUESTION I HAD FOR YOU ABOUT
THE JOB DESCRIPTION AND IT'S
JUST MINOR BUT YOU KNOW UNDER
EDUCATION AND THEN REQUIRED AND
THEN YOU HAVE PREFERRED THE ADA
COORDINATOR TRAINING
CERTIFICATION WHY IS THAT
PREFERRED RATHER THAN REQUIRE.
SO WHEN WE SPOKE WITH THE
INDIVIDUAL FROM DETROIT YOU MAY
REMEMBER THAT HE SAID THAT THAT
CERTIFICATION IS A LOT
OF INDIVIDUALS HAVE IT BUT I
MADE IT PREFERRED INSTEAD
OF REQUIRED BECAUSE IF I FIND
SOMEONE OR WE'LL FIND SOMEONE
WHO HAS BEEN DOING THIS WORK
AND REALLY IS THE RIGHT FIT WHO
DOESN'T HAVE THE CITY WILL PAY
FOR THAT PERSON TO GO GET IT.
AND SO I THOUGHT IT WAS MUCH
MORE EQUITABLE TO MAKE
PREFERRED RATHER THAN A
REQUIRED NO PROBLEM.
>> YEAH, I DEFINITELY AGREE.
THANK YOU FOR THE CLARIFICATION
AND GO AHEAD AMUSE YOURSELF.
THANK YOU.
THERE YOU GO.
I WAS LOOKING TO LOWER MY HAND
TO FOUR I THINK IT'S GREAT THAT
YOU WERE ABLE TO LOOK AT THE
THE PEOPLE NOW WHO ARE
CURRENTLY EMPLOYED AND BE ABLE
TO SAY YOU KNOW YEAH, WHY
AREN'T THEY PAID THE SAME RIGHT
NOW?
WILL YOU ALSO BE DOING THAT
WITH OR I ONCE YOU HAVE THE
STAFF WILL ALSO BE ABLE TO LOOK
AT THE NUMBERS FOR THE
CONTRACTORS TO SEE KIND OF HOW
THOSE BIDS ARE AND WHAT'S
HAPPENING WITH THAT.
>> SO THAT WAS REALLY QUESTION
WHEN I STARTED FROM THE
COMMUNITY TO THE PREVIOUS CITY
COUNCIL AND CARRIED ON TO THIS
CURRENT CITY COUNCIL ABOUT YOU
KNOW, INDIVIDUALS WANT TO SEE
THIS DATA ARE WE WHO ARE WE
HIRING, WHAT IS HAPPENING, ETC.
WE HAVE ONE INDIVIDUAL WHO
HANDLES ALL PROCUREMENT IN THE
CITY AND THEY'RE VERY BUSY.
THE DESIRE TO COLLECT THAT
DATA.
IS THERE AN IT IS A GOAL THAT I
HAVE FOR THIS DATA ANALYTICS
INDIVIDUAL BUT WE ALSO NEED TO
GET THE PROCUREMENT INDIVIDUAL
SOME ASSISTANCE BECAUSE WE WILL
BE ASKING FOR AN EXTENDED FORM
OR ANY CONTRACTOR SO WE CAN GET
THAT DEMOGRAPHIC AND WE CAN SEE
WHERE THEY DO OR DO NOT.
YOU KNOW WHAT IF THEY
PARTICIPATE IN NONPROFITS AND
WHO THEY HIRE AND THINGS LIKE
THAT WHICH IS GOING TO EXPAND
THE FORM THAT THIS INDIVIDUAL
ALREADY HAS TO KIND OF PASS
THROUGH AS MUCH AS THEY CAN
ELECTRONICALLY.
SO IT'S GOING TO BE A LONG
PROCESS FROM WHAT I SEE.
I'VE BEEN SPEAKING WITH MR.
DONIA ABOUT IT.
I SAID THIS ABSOLUTELY NEEDS TO
BE DONE.
WE SHOULD NOT BE HIRING
CONTRACTORS WHO AREN'T LIVING
UP TO OUR CULTURE THAT WE'RE
BUILDING HERE IN ANN ARBOR.
I ALSO WHEN WE DO THAT WANT TO
ADD THAT THOSE INDIVIDUALS
ANYONE THAT'S WORKING FOR US,
WHETHER PHYSICALLY OR
ELECTRONICALLY TAKES AT LEAST
TWO OF TRAININGS THAT I'M
CREATING FOR THE CITY, YOU
KNOW, THEY HAVE TO SAY WHETHER
OR NOT THEY'VE HAD SPECIFIC
DIVERSITY TRAINING AND IT'S A
CHECKBOX AND WE DON'T GO AND
SEE WHAT TRAINING THEY'VE HAD
FOR DIVERSITY.
SO WHO KNOWS?
YOU KNOW, I HOPE THAT EVERYONE
OUT THERE IS DOING REALLY GREAT
TRAINING.
THAT'S PROBABLY NOT THE TRUTH.
>> SO TO ME IF THE TAXPAYERS
ARE GOING TO PAY AN EXTERNAL
AGENCY AND AN INTERNAL TO DO
SOMETHING, THERE SHOULD BE A
SPECIFIC LEVEL OF EXPECTATION
AND KNOWLEDGE WHEN THEY'RE
WORKING WITH US AT THE CITY AND
SO LONG ANSWER TO YES, BUT
IT'LL TAKE A COUPLE OF YEARS
BECAUSE WE NEED TO FIGURE OUT
HOW TO MAKE ALL OF THE FORMS
MUCH MORE ELECTRONICALLY BASED
AS WELL AS TAKE THOSE FORMS AND
BREAK THEM DOWN MORE AND HAVE
TRAINING FOR THEM ONE OF THE
SUSPICIONS I HAVE NOT HAVING
LOOKED AT THE DATA YET BUT
SUSPICIONS I HAVE IS THAT WE
DON'T GET A LOT OF SMALL
BUSINESS INDIVIDUALS APPLYING
FOR PROJECTS IN THE CITY
BECAUSE A LOT OF INDIVIDUAL
STARTUPS SPECIFICALLY NONPROFIT
BIDS BUT MANY OTHERS ARE
STARTED BY UNDERUTILIZED WHICH
IS SOME PEOPLE SAY MARGINALIZED
UNDERUTILIZED INDIVIDUALS.
RIGHT.
TRYING TO SET A BUSINESS AND GO
WHO HAVE NOT HAD THE PRIVILEGE
OF EDUCATION RELATED TO HOW TO
UNDERSTAND A CONTRACT
ESPECIALLY FROM THE GOVERNMENT
OR FILL THOSE OUT IN WAYS WHICH
WILL BE SOMETHING IT WILL BE
CHOSEN.
RIGHT.
THE THINGS I'M TRAINING OUR
PEOPLE ON RIGHT NOW AS FAR AS
CONTRACTING IS IF THERE ARE
SPELLING ERRORS IN THEIR
CONTRACT THAT SHOULD NOT
AUTOMATICALLY DISQUALIFY
SOMEONE UNLESS WE SAY MUST BE
ONE HUNDRED PERCENT YOU KNOW,
CORRECT IN SPELLING WE OPERATE
AS EVERY OTHER CITY COUNTY, ANY
AGENCY PROFIT OR NONPROFIT.
WHAT'S A WHITE SUPREMACY OR
WHITE IS RIGHT SUPREMACY FOR
INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE WHITE
PROPERTY SOMETIMES A LITTLE
SCARY TO PEOPLE WE OPERATE ON
AN IDEA THAT EVERYONE IS
SPEAKING THE SAME LANGUAGE
AROUND PROFESSIONALISM AND
AROUND ABILITY AND SO MANY
OTHER THINGS AND WHY ARE WE
REQUIRING INDIVIDUALS WHO MIGHT
HAVE A NEURODIVERSITY RELATED
TO SPELLING TO MAKE CERTAIN
THAT ALL THE SPELLING IS RIGHT
TO CONSIDER THEM AS VIABLE
VENDORS?
SO THERE'S A LOT OF WORK TO BE
DONE IN A LOT OF DIFFERENT WAYS
BUT THAT'S ABSOLUTELY BEEN YOU
KNOW, ONE OF MY THINGS ON MY
CHECKLIST IN MY TOUR HERE I'M
SEVEN MONTHS IN AND MAKING ALL
THESE NOTES SO THANK YOU FOR
BRINGING IT UP.
YES, BUT A FEW YEARS BACK YOU
IT'S COMPLETELY UNDERSTANDABLE
THAT IT'S GOING TO TAKE A WHILE
ESPECIALLY THE STAFFING
DIFFICULTIES AND MAKING SURE
THAT THERE'S THE BUDGET BECAUSE
WE DON'T WANT SOMETHING THAT'S
THERE FOR ONE YEAR AND THEN NOT
SUSTAIN LONG TERM.
ABSOLUTELY.
SO I JUST APPRECIATE THE WORK
THAT YOU'VE BEEN THAT YOU'VE
BEEN DOING BECAUSE THAT'S A LOT
OF WORK THAT YOU'VE INPUTTING
AND I LOVE IT EVERY SINGLE DAY
.
I LOVE COMING AND DOING MY JOB
AND I APPRECIATE THE SUPPORT
OF INDIVIDUALS LIKE YOURSELVES.
GO AHEAD.
OK, YEAH I WAS GOING TO SAY I'M
SORRY COMMISSIONER MOSAICA HAS
HER HAND UP.
YES.
I JUST WANTED TO SAY I AM SO
THANKFUL THAT YOU LOOKED AT THE
SPELLING ISSUE.
I MYSELF USE VOICE TO TEXT A
LOT TO FILL INFORMATION OUT
WHAT TO TEXT IS AIRABLE LIKE
FOR INSTANCE MY DAUGHTER'S NAME
IS AISHA AIYAZ.
IT ALWAYS COMES UP.
ARE YOU SURE?
>> SO I YOU KNOW, I WAS REALLY
THERE ARE SO MANY WAYS
MISSPELLINGS CAN HAPPEN.
SO THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR
LOOKING INTO THAT.
I YEAH IT'S ONE OF THE TO ME SO
WE NEED MORE DIVERSITY AT THE
CITY AND EVERYTHING WE DO AND
OUR CONTRACTORS AND THE PEOPLE
THAT WORK HERE AND THE PEOPLE
WE SERVE ALL OF THAT WE DON'T
REALIZE AS AN AGENCY THAT
SIMPLE THINGS LIKE SAYING OH
THEY MISSPELLED FIVE WORDS SO
THEY MUST NOT REALLY BE SERIOUS
AND TOSS OUT THE OPPORTUNITY
WITHOUT US SAYING YOU HAVE TO
HAVE, YOU KNOW, PERFECT
SPELLING IF IT'S A JOB WHERE
YOU DON'T NEED PERFECT SPELLING
Y AND WE HAVEN'T SAID YOU NEED
PERFECT SPELLING THEN NO WE
SHOULD NEVER BE TOSSING THAT
PERSON OUT AND I'M ALSO WORKING
WITH OUR RECRUITING TEAM THIS
SUMMER TO KIND OF START
EMBRACING THAT AND ALSO HAVING
ALL KINDS OF DIFFERENT SEMINARS
WITH PEOPLE IN THE COMMUNITY ON
HOW TO FILL OUT A JOB
APPLICATION FOR THE CITY
BECAUSE IT'S DIFFERENT THAN IT
IS IN A FOR PROFIT WORLD.
GOVERNMENT SPEAK ITS WHOLE
LANGUAGE, ITS OWN LANGUAGE AND
SO REALLY BREAKING DOWN THAT
WHAT WE AS GOVERNMENT WORKERS
THINK EVERYONE KNOWS AND WHAT
REALLY EVERYONE DOESN'T KNOW IS
IMPORTANT TO ME.
BUT I ALSO NEED OUR
INFRASTRUCTURE TO NOT CAUSE
TRUMP SO WE CAN SAY WE'RE GOING
TO PIPELINE IN DIVERSITY AND
OPEN THE DOORS.
BUT IF WE DON'T HAVE THE
INFRASTRUCTURE FOR INDIVIDUALS
SUCH AS MYSELF WHO IDENTIFIES
AS NON BINARY, IF THERE ARE
BATHROOMS THAT OTHER PEOPLE
FEEL COMFORTABLE WITH ME USING
BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE USING ANY
RESTROOM BUT OTHER PEOPLE ARE
THE INDIVIDUALS WHO MAY NOT
FEEL COMFORTABLE WITH ME AND
SPECIFIC GENDERED PATTERNS THEN
IT WOULD HARM ME BRINGING IN
OTHER NINE BINARY PEOPLE IF WE
DIDN'T HAVE THOSE SERVICES FOR
THEM.
SO LIKE THIS BATHROOM COMMITTEE
WHICH I'M ON WHICH WE ARE
MEETING ON MONDAY IT'S NICE TO
SEE THE NEW THINGS THAT ARE
COMING BECAUSE THE CITY IS
BEING MUCH MORE INCLUSIVE AND
ACCESSIBLE IN WI WHAT THEY'RE
THINKING ABOUT AND HOW THEY'RE
DOING NETWORK OUTSTANDING NOW
THAT THANK YOU LAURA.
I MEAN YOU KNOW I REALLY
APPRECIATE THE WORK THEY'RE
DOING AND I MEAN JUST ALL THE
EFFORT YOU PUT IN AGAIN, YOU
KNOW, I DIDN'T SEE ANY
NECESSARY YOU KNOW AND IT'S
WITHIN THE JOB DESCRIPTION.
I THOUGHT IT WAS VERY CLEAR AND
SUCCINCT AND THEN YOU KNOW, TO
TO KATHLEEN'S POINT, I ALSO AM
NOT THE BEST OF SPELLERS.
I DO MY BEST TO BE TO BE AS
GOOD AS I CAN WITHIN DICTION
AND PUNCTUATION.
BUT SOMETIMES YOU KNOW, THINGS
HAPPEN AND SO YEAH, I MEAN YOU
DON'T WANT TO ELIMINATE
SOMEBODY THAT CAN HAVE A
DIFFERENT PERSPECTIVE AND STILL
BE A HUGE ASSET TO ANY ENTITY
JUST BECAUSE OF , YOU KNOW, A
SPELLING ERROR.
I MEAN THAT IS SOMETHING THAT
CAN BE EASILY CORRECTED AND YET
IT SHOULD NOT IN MY OPINION BE
A DETERRENT.
>> YEAH, YEAH.
IT'S JUST ONE OF THOSE MANY
LITTLE INTRINSIC SYSTEMIC
ISSUES THAT WE ARE FINALLY NOW
ADDRESSING AS A COUNTRY.
RIGHT.
WE HAVE NOT SPOKEN DIVERSITY
BEFORE.
IT IS A NEW LANGUAGE ESPECIALLY
IN EMPLOYMENT.
WE'VE PRETENDED TO SPEAK
DIVERSITY SINCE THE SIXTIES.
WE REALLY HAVEN'T.
AND SO NOW WE ARE ACTUALLY
SPEAKING IT AND PRACTICING AND
USING IT AND SO I HOPE THAT ANN
ARBOR CAN BE THE LEADER IN
DOING SUCH CHANGES AND BEING
MUCH MORE ACCESSIBLE, INCLUSIVE
AND EQUITABLE.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
AND AND REALLY QUICKLY ON YOUR
POINT TO A COUPLE OF TRAININGS
AND RESUME WRITING FOR
GOVERNMENT THINGS LIKE THAT, I
DON'T WANT TO VOLUNTEER THIS
GENTLEMAN BUT I KNOW YOU KNOW
DISABILITY NETWORK WASHTENAW
MONROE, LIVINGSTON THEY'VE DONE
SOME GREAT RESONANT WORKSHOPS
GROWING UP IN THE COMMUNITY
JUST TO SEE HOW THOSE WORK AND
THEY'VE BEEN VERY WELL
ATTENDED.
I'M CURIOUS COMMISSIONER
GOSSAGE IS GOVERNMENT WOULD
THAT BE SOMETHING THAT THAT
DISABILITY NETWORK WOULD BE
INTERESTING INTERESTED IN
POSSIBLY COLLABORATING WITH
LAURA ON MAYBE POSSIBLY.
I'D WANT TO TALK WITH SOME
OF MY TEAM MEMBERS FIRST, NOT
COMMIT THEM TO SOMETHING THAT
THEY'RE NOT AWARE OF .
BUT I'D BE HAPPY TO TALK WITH
YOU AT ANY POINT TO SEE IF
THERE'S A WAY WE CAN
COLLABORATE ON THIS OR ANY
OF YOUR OTHER PROJECTS.
>> SOUNDS GREAT.
IT TAKES ALL OF US TO CORRECT
ALL THE INJUSTICES, RIGHT?
>> EXACTLY.
YEAH, ANY OTHER QUESTIONS
ANYONE HAS FOR ME RELATED TO MY
POSITION?
YOUR COMMISSION OR ANYTHING
ELSE THAT YOU CAN SEE I DON'T
HOLD BACK WHEN SHARING
INFORMATION BUT TO ME THAT'S
TRANSPARENT GOVERNMENT.
YEAH, I DON'T I DON'T HAVE
ANYTHING AT THIS TIME OTHER
THAN TO THANK YOU AGAIN AND YOU
KNOW, BEING FILLED WITH
GRATITUDE FOR YOUR FOR YOUR
EFFORTS AND THANK YOU.
>> WELL THANK YOU ALL.
HAVE A GOOD EVENING.
>> ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON, WE HAVE THESE CITY
PERSONNEL REPORT WITH DENISE.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON.
WE THE CITY AS WELCOMING TAYLOR
FAKIE FIREFIGHTER KARALEE
HOUSTON PARKS AND RECREATION
SUPERVISOR ZACHARY KARPINSKY
ENGINEERING CIVIL ENGINEERING
SPECIALIST
MICHAEL MOORE FLEET
SERVICES VEHICLE AND EQUIPMENT
TECHNICIAN THOMAS PIERCE
HOUSING MISSION CONSTRUCTION
PROJECT MANAGER PIERCE RITTER
POLICE COMMAND STANDING
STANDARDS OFFICER HAYDEN
STEPHENSON FIREFIGHTER AND A
RETIREMENT FAREWELL TO GARY
SHIBLY ENGINEERING CIVIL
ENGINEER SPECIALIST AS WELL.
AND OF COURSE A FOND FAREWELL
IF I MAY JUST AT THIS POINT TO
OUR OWN DENISE BEING YOUR FINAL
MEETING THIS EVENING YOU WILL
BE MISSED BUT YOU DEFINITELY
WISH YOU ALL THE BEST IN YOUR
RETIREMENT.
YOU YOU'VE EARNED IT AND YOU
DESERVE IT.
>> THANK YOU.
I HAVE APPRECIATED THE
OPPORTUNITY TO SERVE ON THE
COMMISSION FOR DISABILITY
PENSION.
IT HAS BEEN MY PLEASURE.
THANK YOU.
>> WE'RE GOING TO MISS YOU,
DENISE.
I'M GOING TO MISS YOU.
>> OH REALLY, REALLY QUICK
QUESTIONS.
SO IS THE CITY ARE THEY GOING
TO NOTIFY MYSEL FOR US AS A
COMMISSION WHEN THEY'VE I GUESS
SELECTED YOUR YOUR REPLACEMENT
?
OK, OK WONDERFUL.
>> THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO THE AIRPORT.
I HAD SOME AWESOME NEWS FOR ALL
OF US.
THE BIGGEST NEWS THAT I HAD
ACTUALLY WAS THAT GLOBAL
ACCESSIBILITY AWARENESS DAY OR
GLADD OR RATHER GADDI IS WHAT
IT'S CALLED GLOBAL
ACCESSIBILITY ACCESSIBILITY
AWARENESS DAY.
THAT'S COMING UP THURSDAY, MAY
18TH.
AND THIS IS TO HELP OUR
COMMUNITY CELEBRATE A 12TH
GLOBAL ACCESSIBILITY AWARENESS
DAY AND THE PURPOSE OF GOD IS
TO GET EVERYONE TALKING,
THINKING AND LEARNING ABOUT
DIGITAL ACCESS AND INCLUSION
AND THE MORE THAN ONE BILLION
PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES AND
IMPAIRMENTS WORLDWIDE.
SO I HOPE THAT WE CAN ALL, YOU
KNOW, EXPRESS OUR SOCIAL MEDIA
PROWESS, IF YOU WILL, AND
CELEBRATE GOD BECAUSE GLOBAL
ACCESSIBILITY AWARENESS IS
IMPORTANT FOR ALL OF US AND YOU
WE'RE USING IT AT THE VERY
PRESENT TIME IN MANY WAYS AND I
JUST THINK THAT THAT'S
IMPORTANT AND THE FACT THAT
IT'S ONLY THE 12TH ANNIVERSARY
OF THAT MEANS IT'S A VERY YOUNG
HOLIDAY.
BUT AGAIN, YOU KNOW, OUR
COMMUNITY AND THOSE WITH
DISABILITIES IS THE LARGEST IN
THE WORLD AND YOU KNOW, I THINK
IT'S IMPORTANT THAT, YOU KNOW,
THOSE OF US WHO ARE, YOU KNOW,
PUBLIC SERVANTS AND WORKING
WITHIN THE DISABILITY COMMUNITY
CONTINUE TO CELEBRATE OCCASIONS
SUCH AS THIS SO THAT YOU KNOW,
IF NEED BE OTHERS CAN NOTICE
THAT AND SAY OH WOW, LOOK AT
THE COMMISSION, YOU KNOW,
POSTING ABOUT THIS OR LOOK AT
THE DISABILITY NETWORK POSTING
ABOUT THIS OR LOOK AT THE
EUROPEAN COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY
CONCERNS POSTING ABOUT THIS AND
I'LL DEFINITELY SEND AN EMAIL
TO ALL OF YOU WITH MORE
INFORMATION ABOUT THIS
PARTICULAR CELEBRATION.
BUT I HOPE WE CAN ALL POST
ABOUT THIS.
THAT'S ALL I HAVE AT THIS POINT
FOR THE CHAIR REPORT.
MOVING ON, I JUST WANTED TO
KNOW IF WE HAD ANY OLD BUSINESS
,OK, ANY NEW BUSINESS TO
DISCUSS
.
ALL RIGHT.
NO NEW BUSINESS ANY JUST
GENERAL COMMUNICATIONS FOR THE
COMMISSION THAT YOU AND I DID
DISCUSS AT THIS TIME.
OH OH EXCUSE ME THERE'S A
COUPLE SO KATHLEEN HAD HER HAND
UP AND THEN WILL GO TO DEBBIE
SO I DON'T KNOW IF THIS IS
APPROPRIATE OR NOT.
THERE IS A LOCAL CHORUS THAT IS
PERFORMING THIS WEEKEND AND FOR
THE FIRST TIME EVER THEY ARE
GOING TO HAVE AN IN-PERSON SIGN
LANGUAGE INTERPRETER FOR THE
ENTIRE CONCERT ON FRIDAY.
WOULD IT BE OK FOR ME TO PLUG
THAT OR IS THIS INAPPROPRIATE?
>> NO, THIS IS PERFECT
COMMUNICATIONS.
ABSOLUTELY AND THAT SOUNDS
AMAZING.
OH MY GOSH.
SO OUT LOUD CHORUS IS WASHTENAW
COUNTY'S OLDEST LGBT AA PLUS
AND ALLY CHOIR.
IT'S BEEN AROUND FOR MANY
YEARS.
THEY'RE DOING A CONCERT THEMED
CALLED LET'S TALK ABOUT NATURE
MAY 19TH AND TWENTY F AT EIGHT
P.M. BOTH NIGHTS AT THE ARTHUR
MILLER THEATER AT THE WALGREEN
DRAMA CENTER THAT'S ON ONE IT'S
AT ONE TWO TO SIX MIRFIN AVENUE
IN ANN ARBOR WHICH IS ON THE I
BELIEVE THAT'S NORTH CAMPUS UP
THERE ANYWAY ON FRIDAY EVENING
WE'LL HAVE AN IN-PERSON SIGN
LANGUAGE INTERPRETER AND IF
YOU'RE INTERESTED IN TICKETS
THEY CAN BE PURCHASED AT ALL.
ALSI ONLINE DOT WORD AND THEY
ARE ALSO A COMMUNITY THAT CARES
ABOUT PEOPLE WHO ARE
UNEMPLOYED.
SO IF YOU ARE UNEMPLOYED
TICKETS ARE FREE.
THEY ARE ALSO DOING IT BY ZOOM
SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE IN
PERSON IF YOU'RE CONCERNED
ABOUT ME ASKING OR GOING OUT IN
PUBLIC FOR ANY REASON THEY DO
HAVE THANK YOU FOR LETTING ME
DO THAT.
ABSOLUTELY DAPPLING THAT IS SO
COOL.
RIGHT.
YOU KNOW I HOPE THAT THE MORE
CHORAL PERFORMANCES CAN CAN
TAKE AFTER THIS ONE AND BE ABLE
TO BE AS INCLUSIVE AS POSSIBLE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR SHARING
THEM.
>> DEBBIE, YOU HAD YOUR HAND UP
.
I JUST WANTED TO SAY THAT MAY
20TH THEY ARE DOING A VACATION
IN THE PARKS THAT YOU MIGHT
WANT BE A PART OF IN THE
VARIOUS PARKS BUT YOU CAN GO ON
TO ANN ARBOR DOT GOV AND LOOK
AT VOLUNTEERS AND THEY'LL TELL
YOU MORE ABOUT IT.
IS THAT IS THAT WHAT WE USED TO
CALL BLUE DAY?
I I'M I'M THINKING THAT THAT
MIGHT BE THE SAME WE DO ABOUT
WHERE WE DID THAT AND I DON'T
KNOW THIS KIND OF LATE TO
GATHER UP THE PEOPLE WE USED TO
AND WE MIGHT WANT TO KEEP THIS
IN MIND IN CASE WE MISS IT
EVERY YEAR FOR THE FIRST FEW
YEARS WE PUT THE SENSORY GARDEN
IN AND WE'RE IN CHARGE OF IT
DOWNTOWN AND THE LIONS CLUB
WOULD GO DOWN THERE AND DO SOME
GARDENING IN THE PLANTER AND
STRAIGHTEN UP THE THING A
LITTLE BIT.
YEAH, I JUST FOUND OUT ABOUT I
JUST FOUND OUT ABOUT IT TODAY
AND IT'S POSTED IN SOME OF THE
PARKS FOR MAY 20TH WHICH IS
NEXT WEEKEND AND IT'S I BELIEVE
IT'S LIKE FROM 12 TO THREE OR
SOMETHING LIKE THAT YOU MIGHT
HAVE TO CHECK ON THE TIME
BECAUSE I'M REAL HERE BECAUSE
IT'S NOT NEXT WEEKEND.
>> IT'S THIS WEEKEND.
IT'S YEAH, WELL THAT'S WHAT I'M
SAYING THIS WEEKEND THE
TWENTIETH WELL TO ME YEAH
THAT'S RIGHT.
THAT'S WHY WE'RE SAYING THAT
IT'S TOO BAD IT'S TOO BAD I
FORGOT ABOUT THAT.
WE HAD MAYBE DONE THAT EARLIER
IN A COUPLE OF COMMISSIONERS
COULD HAVE WENT DOWN THERE AND
HELP WITH THE GARDEN.
>> YOU CAN STILL YOU CAN STILL
GO I MEAN THEY'RE THEY'RE
THEY'RE HAVING A BIG CLEANUP AT
WEST PARK IN PARTICULAR.
I JUST SAW THE NOTE FOR IT.
BUT IF YOU GO DOWN IF YOU GO
ONLINE TO AND EVER THAT GO AND
GO INTO MOVIES ABOUT THE PARK
PARK BEAUTIFICATION IT MIGHT BE
CALLED BLOOMSDAY I'M NOT SURE
BUT I JUST KNOW NOTED IT TODAY
THAT THAT THEY'RE TAKING
VOLUNTEERS.
SO IF YOU HAVE A COUPLE HOURS
HERE AND THERE THERE ANYBODY
WHO WANTS TO PERSUADE THE PICK
UP GARBAGE OR WHATEVER GOOD
TIME TO DO IT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, DEBBIE.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
AND YEAH, ALWAYS HAVE TO DO OUR
PART RIGHT TO MAKE SURE THAT
OUR CITY IS, YOU KNOW, STAYING
CLEAN AND STAYING GREEN.
ABSOLUTELY.
YES, ABSOLUTELY.
OH MAN.
YOU GUYS I AM ALWAYS FILLED
WITH GRATITUDE TO SEE ALL
OF YOU AND GRATEFUL FOR ALL
OF YOUR TIME AND ALL OF YOUR
HARD WORK AT THIS POINT I DON'T
HAVE ANYTHING ELSE.
SO I IS THERE EMOTION TO
ADJOURN?
>> I MOVE TO ADJOURN.
OK, OK TEN SECONDS VERY PRETTY
FAST.
SO ALL IN FAVOR OF ADJOURNING
AT FIVE 10 P.M. ON MAY 17TH
PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY I I SEE.
>> ALL RIGHT EVERYONE WE ARE
ADJOURNED THIS EVENING AND AS
ALWAYS THANK YOU SO MUCH ALL
OF YOU ARE AMAZING ASSETS AND I
AM SO GRATEFUL FOR YOU.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
I HOPE WE CAN DO SOMETHING FUN
BEFORE THE SUMMER ENDS.
SO I'M GOING TO TRY AND FIGURE
SOMETHING OUT WHERE WE CAN ALL
GET TOGETHER IN PERSON AND
ENJOY THE OUTDOORS BECAUSE IT'D
BE GREAT TO SEE ALL OF YOU BUT
YEAH.
YEAH BUT I WOULD AGREE.
>> YEAH.
THANK YOU SO